You talk shamelessly
Okay, let's go get the computer.
Jiang Cheng’s stock market collapsed completely
A total collapse situation looks quite serious.
To solve this problem
There is a way
That is to inject a large amount of diarrhea at the same time
Let the people of Jiang Cheng regain their confidence in
Make them willing to buy our stock
In this way, it can be completely and completely
Perfect solution to this economic crisis
Look at my serious nonsense
Haha, pretending
Then you can solve it.
Little girl, don’t forget
Who has been silent with you?
Not good
Companies in Western countries suddenly significantly improved their national
Now it’s 8 billion
are you okay
My uncle don't believe him
He definitely can't
little girl
Don't you know?
Don't just say that men are bad?
Xue Xue, a queen-like beauty
But unique
can't taste taste
what a pity
But the system only gave me 10 billion
I spent it just right
The remaining 80 years
Do you want to spend it all here?
If you can't pretend anymore, leave quickly
Don't waste our time
never mind
Anyway, money is just a number if it is too much to a certain extent.
Play around with different women who want to be Neptune
This is more important than anything else
Congratulations on spending all 10 billion
The system automatically replenishes 100 billion for you
You are shameless
Okay, let's get the computer
Jiangcheng's stock market crashed completely
The total collapse scenario looks rather severe
To solve this problem
There is a way
And that is a massive injection of diarrhea at the same time.
Let the people of Jiangcheng regain their confidence
Make them willing to buy our stock
This can be completely and completely
A perfect solution to this economic crisis
Look at my serious nonsense
Haha pretend
Then you can solve it. Hey.
Little girl, do not forget
Who is silent with you?
This is not good.
Western companies have suddenly and significantly promoted their country
It is now eight billion.
Are you okay?
My uncle! Do not trust him!
He certainly can't
little girl
Don't you know
Do not say men can't do it casually
Snow is a beautiful woman of queen temperament
But unique
Can't taste taste
What a pity!
But the system only gave me 10 billion
I spent just right
The remaining 80 years
Is it all going to be spent here?
If you can't hold it anymore, just leave
Do not waste our time.
Never mind.
Anyway, money is just a number to a certain extent
Play with different women to be the king of the sea
It is more important than anything
Congratulations, you will consume 10 billion
The system will automatically replenish 100 billion for you.